Deprecated react removal (#45426)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/content-security-policy/content-security-policy.md

}
```

### CSP in Vite

> According to the [Vite Docs](https://vite.dev/guide/features.html#content-security-policy-csp), Vite requires a few specific configurations for proper CSP deployment due to its internal handling of assets and modules.
> 
> #### Vite supports CSP with a few configurations:
> 
> Nonce Injection:
> When you set `html.cspNonce` in your Vite config, Vite adds a nonce to all <script>, <style>, and stylesheet <link> tags, and injects a meta tag:
> 
> ```html
> <meta property="csp-nonce" nonce="PLACEHOLDER" />
> ```
> 
> > Replace PLACEHOLDER with a unique nonce per request.
> 
> * Asset Inlining:
> 
> Vite inlines small assets as data URIs by default. For CSP, allow `data:` for safe directives like `img-src` and `font-src`, but never for `script-src`. Alternatively, disable inlining by setting build.`assetsInlineLimit: 0`.
> 
> This configuration keeps your Vite project CSP-compliant without requiring inline runtime scripts.

Reviewer: Rather than copying/paraphrasing the content from the Vite docs on this page, let's just link the reader to the official source and leave it at that. It becomes too burdensome over time to ensure all third-party installation and integration info is up to date throughout these docs.

```suggestion
When deploying a CSP using Vite, there are specific configurations you must set up due to Vite's internal handling of assets and modules.
See [Vite Features—Content Security Policy](https://vite.dev/guide/features.html#content-security-policy-csp) for complete details.
```
